## Part 4: Quiz time!

Q1:  When you run a command in the terminal, where does BASH look for that command?
  A: Bash looks for commands in the default path which is stored in the $PATH environment variable.

Q2:  On a UNIX computer, how do you stop a running process?
  A: ^c ('control-c') stops a running process that is in focus (i.e. not running in the background). Some apps require, like node.js require you hit ^c twice to quit.

Q3:  What packages do you have installed via homebrew?
  A: git, icu4c, openssl, readline, httrack, mysql, openssl@1.1, wget hub, node, postgresql.

Q4:  On a UNIX computer, how do you find the process id of a running process?
  A: `pgrep + program name` will display the process id.  I also researched `pidof`. However, a quick test for this question using `pidof firefox`. threw the error `bash: pidof: command not found` whereas `pgrep firefox` display `356`.

Q5:  In a terminal, what does control-c do?
  A: `control-c` (`^c`) stops the current process.

Q6:  In a terminal, what does control-a do?
  A: Ctrl-a places the cursor at the beginning of the command line.

Q7:  In a terminal, what does control-e do?
  A: Ctrl-e places the cursor at the end of the command line.

Q8:  What keyboard shortcut do you use to split the screen in your editor?
  A: In VS Code Cmd-\ (command+\) splits the editor window into an additional pane.

Q9:  What keyboard shortcut do you use to split the screen in your terminal?
  A: I use VS Code.  Control-` (control+backtick) opens the built-in terminal window.  A ‘+’ icon adds additional terminal windows and a selector allows me to choose which terminal session I want to view.

Q10:  When a terminal command completes, how can you tell if it was successful or not?
  A: It depends on the command and program. In general, the absence of an error message and return to the `$` prompt indicates success. In the case of node.js the running program returns `>` (greater than sign) as a prompt. In the case of postgreSQL nothing is returned so you're okay.

Q11:  What does your `~/.gitconfig` have in it? (paste the whole file here)
  A:  D2rdMac:/ d2rd$ git config --list
  credential.helper=osxkeychain
  color.ui=auto
  user.name=Glenn-David Daniel
  user.email=d2rd@outlook.com
  D2rdMac:/ d2rd$

Q12:  What is the difference between a relative and absolute path?
  A:  Relative path references its top level as the present working directory.
  Absolute paths reference from the root directory.

Q13:  Lets say you have the following file structure
  ~
  └── Projects
         |── pinterest-for-dogs
         │   ├── README.md
         │    └── package.json
         └──linkedin-for-dancers
               └── README.md
               └── package.json

  And you were in the `linkedin-for-dancers` folder. What command would you use to change folders to the `pinterest-for-dogs` folder?
  A:  cd ../pinterest-for-dogs.

Q14:  What keyboard shortcut do you use, in your editor, to go to a file in the project you have open?
  A:  control-tab (control+tab) displays a pop-up of all open files.  You then use tab to select the desired file.  
  -OR- 
  Command-P (command+p) opens a search window that displays open files in the active folder.   You can open any file by its name when you type it into the search field.

Q15:  What files or folders do you want all git repositories to ignore?
  A:
  # Logs
  logs
  *.log
  npm-debug.log*
  yarn-debug.log*
  yarn-error.log*

  # Runtime data
  pids
  *.pid
  *.seed
  *.pid.lock

  # Directory for instrumented libs generated by jscoverage/JSCover
  lib-cov

  # Coverage directory used by tools like istanbul
  coverage

  # nyc test coverage
  .nyc_output

  # Grunt intermediate storage (http://gruntjs.com/creating-plugins#storing-task-files)
  .grunt

  # Bower dependency directory (https://bower.io/)
  bower_components

  # node-waf configuration
  .lock-wscript

  # Compiled binary addons (http://nodejs.org/api/addons.html)
  build/Release

  # Dependency directories
  node_modules/
  jspm_packages/

  # Typescript v1 declaration files
  typings/

  # Optional npm cache directory
  .npm

  # Optional eslint cache
  .eslintcache

  # Optional REPL history
  .node_repl_history

  # Output of 'npm pack'
  *.tgz

  # Yarn Integrity file
  .yarn-integrity

  # dotenv environment variables file
  .env

  # OSX system file
  .DS_Store

Q16:  What is the main difference between `==` and `===` in JavaScript?
  A:  ‘==’ attempts to convert the values to the same type before testing if they're the same (‘type coercion’) for example "7" == 7 evaluates true because the second object is converted to a string before the comparison is made.  ‘===’ does not do this; it requires both objects to be of the same type for example "7" === 7 evaluates false because the first object is a string and second object is an integer.